README.md, before:

# sql-exploration
A collection of exploratory exercises to improve SQL skills.

## `01-animals_db`

### Create a Database
To create a database in pgAdmin, follow these steps:

1. In the pgAdmin editor, right-click `PostgreSQL 15` on the left-hand side panel.

2. From the menu, hover `Create` to instantiate a new database.

3. Enter `animals_db` as the database name. Make sure the owner is set as the default `postgres`, and then click Save.

### Create a Table
- `01-create_tables.sql` contains a sample table creation script with several different data types.

### Insert Values
- `02-insert_values.sql` contains a sample record insertion script that demonstrates basic data entry.

### Query All Records
- `03-query_all_records.sql` contains the most basic full-table query script.
- `03-query_all_records_results.csv` shows the query results.

### Filtered Query
- `04-filtered_query.sql` contains a query script that retrieves only some fields from records that meet several criteria.
- `04-filtered_query_results.csv` shows the query results.

### Delete, Recreate and Populate Tables
- `05-delete_create_tables_with_primary_keys.sql` contains a script that demonstrates how to drop a table, recreate it with a sequential primary key, and populate it.
- `05-query_all_with_primary_key_results.csv` shows the results of those actions.

### Updating, Deleting and Bulk Importing Data
- `06-dave_query.sql` contains a filtered query script.
- `06-dave_query_results.csv` contains the results of that query.
- `07-update_record.sql` contains a script that demonstrates how to update records that meet particular criteria.
- `07-update_record_query_results.csv` conains the results of a query meant to visualize the effects of the above.
- `08-drop_duplicate.sql` demonstrates deleting a record based on a unique ID.
- `08-drop_duplicate_query_results.csv` conains the results of a query meant to visualize the effects of the above.
- `09-create_table_fauna_vertebrate.sql` creates a new, unpopulated table.
- `10-insert_values_fauna_vertebrate.sql` populates the new table.
---

## `02-city_info`

### Procedure
1. Create a new database in pgAdmin named `city_info`.
2. Using the query tool, create an empty table named `cities`. Be sure to match the data types!
3. Insert data into the new table. The result should match the following image.

    ![cities_table.png](images/cities_table.png)
    
    city<br>character varying (30) | state<br>character varying (30) | population<br>integer |
    |----|----|----|
    | Alameda | California | 79177 |
    | Mesa | Arizona | 496401 |
    | Boerne | Texas | 16056 |
    | Anaheim | California | 352497 |
    | Tucson | Arizona | 535677 |
    | Garland | Texas | 238002 |

4. Query the table to recreate the image below.

    ![cities_only.png](images/cities_only.png)
    
    | city<br>character varying (30) |
    |----|
    | Alameda |
    | Mesa |
    | Boerne |
    | Anaheim |
    | Tucson |
    | Garland |
    
### Additional Exploration
1. Filter the table to view only cities in Arizona.

2. Filter the table to view only cities with a population of less than 100,000.

3. Filter the table to view California cities with a population of less than 100,000.

#### Notes
* The first and second `Additional Exploration` tasks use a [`WHERE` clause](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sql/sql-where-clause.htm) to filter the original query.
* The third `Additional Exploration` task uses an [`AND` clause](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sql/sql-and-or-clauses.htm).
---

## `03-programming_db`

### Procedure
1. Create a new database named `programming_db`.

2. Create the `programming_languages` table using the following image.

    ![programming_languages.png](images/programming_languages.png)

    | id<br>integer | language<br>character varying (20) | rating<br>integer |
    |----|----|----|
    | 1 | HTML | 95 |
    | 2 | JS | 99 |
    | 3 | JQuery | 98 |
    | 4 | MySQL | 70 |
    | 5 | MySQL | 70 |

3. Query the table to return the rows containing MySQL, and then delete one of the duplicates.

4. Insert a few more rows of data for additional programming languages by adding the `language` and `rating` of your choice to the `programming_languages` table.

5. Change the name of the JS language to JavaScript.

6. Change the rating for HTML to 90.

## Additional Exploration
1. Create a Boolean column named `expert` that has a default value of `true` in the `programming_languages` table.
---

## `04-miscellaneous_db`

### Procedure
1. Open the `soft-attributes.csv` CSV file from the `resources` folder to analyze the data.

2. Using the column headers and data types from the CSV file, write the table schema to create a new table in the `miscellaneous_db` database called `movie_words_comparison`.

3. Import the data from the `soft-attributes.csv` file in the `resources` folder.

4. Create a query that collects all rows where `Home Alone (1990)` is in the `reference_title` column.

5. Create a query that collects all rows where the rater is within the 10-15 range.

6. Create a query that searches for the words `artsy` and `heartfelt` in the `soft_attribute` column.

### Additional Exploration
1. Create a query that will collect all rows with a reference title of `Batman (1989)` and a soft attribute of `scary`.
2. Create a query that will collect all rows with a rater within the 30-40 range and has a reference title of `Home Alone (1990)` and a soft attribute of `artsy`.
---

## 05-CRUD
An exploration of CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) on data provided by Berkeley Data Science Bootcamp.

### Procedure
1. Create a new database named `Malaysia` in pgAdmin.
2. Create two new tables in the `Malaysia` database by copying the code provided in `schema.sql` into a new query window in pgAdmin.
3. Using the Import/Export tool, import the data from `mys_road_accidents.csv` into the `road_accidents` table, and then import the data from `mys_accidents_by_state.csv` into the `accidents_by_state` table.
4. In the `road_accidents` table, find the row that has a `road_crashes` value of 0 and note:

    * the year
        - 2017
    * the number of `road_deaths`
        - 6,740
    * the names of the other two columns have missing data (0 values)
        - `Road_Crashes`
        - `Serious_Injury`
    
5. In the `accidents_by_state` table, delete all rows for years that do not have data missing from the `road_accidents` table.
6. In the `accidents_by_state` table, in a single SQL query, find the [Sum](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_count_avg_sum.asp) of each of the three columns with missing data, as well as `road_deaths`, and rename the summed columns with their original column name using `AS`. Compare the sum of `road_deaths` from these results with the value from the `road_accidents` table. If they do not match, the other values will also be incorrect.
7. Once the `road_deaths` values match up, note the values for the three columns with missing data, and update the `road_accidents` table with this new information.

### Additional Exploration
1. Delete all rows from `accidents_by_state` and re-import the data from `mys_accidents_by_state.csv`. If you import the data again without deleting the rows, you will have duplicated data.

2. Without deleting any rows, calculate the sum of `road_crashes`, `road_deaths`, `serious_injury`, and `slight_injury` for a subsequent year, and add those values plus the year to the `road_accidents` table.
---

## `06-commodities_db`
An exploration of the five primary types of joins that can be used with PostgreSQL:
* `INNER JOIN` returns records that have matching values in both tables.
* `LEFT JOIN` returns all records from the left table and the matched records from the right table.'
* `RIGHT JOIN` returns all records from the right table and the matched records from the left table.
* `CROSS JOIN` returns records that match every row of the left table with every row of the right table. This type of join has the potential to make very large tables.
* `FULL OUTER JOIN` places null values within the columns that do not match between the two tables, after an inner join is performed.

1. Create a database called `commodities_db` with two tables, `names` and `commodity`. Then populate the tables with data from the `.csv` files provided in the `resources` directory.

2. Perform an `INNER JOIN` on the two tables.

3. Perform the same operation, using aliases.

---

## `07-bird_banding_db`
When information could unintentionally be duplicated, data is often stored in separate tables with reference to an `id`. In this dataset, most of the unique identifiers are labeled `code`. This activity uses various joins to uncover more about North American bird banding. 

### Procedure
1. Create a new database named `bird_banding_DB`, and create eight new tables with pgAdmin named `bird_bands`, `age`, `band_type`, `bird_status`, `country_state`, `event_type`, `extra_info` and `sex`.
2. Perform joins that will generate the following outputs:
* Basic Information Table:
    | | band<br>character varying | event_date<br>character varying | species_name<br>character varying | age_description<br>character varying | sex_description<br>character varying |
    |----|----|----|----|----|----|
    | 1 | B06814289038 | 5/22/02 | Warbling Vireo | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 2 | B06834226076 | 2/5/97 | White-eyed Vireo | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 3 | B06834537033 | 9/28/01 | Red-eyed Vireo | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 4 | B06834538078 | 9/6/01 | Red-eyed Vireo | Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 5 | B06834760300 | 2/8/96 | La Sagra's Flycatcher | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 6 | B06834762078 | 12/8/95 | La Sagra's Flycatcher | Unknown | Unknown |
    | 7 | B06834824074 | 2/9/96 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 8 | B07033377537 | 2/26/19 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | Second Year | Unknown |
    | 9 | B07033378413 | 12/20/18 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 10 | B07033378577 | 12/5/18 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | Unknown | Unknown |
    
* Extended Information where sex is not unknown:</br>
    | | band<br>character varying | event_date<br>character varying | species_name<br>character varying | band_type_description<br>character varying | bird_status_description<br>character varying | age_description<br>character varying | sex_description<br>character varying |
    |----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
    | 1 | B07324722072 | 6/22/15 | Bahama Swallow | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
    | 2 | B07383058128 | 7/15/13 | Black-capped Vireo | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | Hatching Year | Male |
    | 3 | B07383058283 | 7/12/13 | Black-capped Vireo | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | Hatching Year | Male |
    | 4 | B07404371540 | 3/18/14 | Black-whiskered Vireo | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Second Year | Female |
    | 5 | B07423509254 | 9/9/11 | Vermilion Flycatcher | aluminum\butt-end toll free | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Male |
    | 6 | B07463640300 | 4/3/11 | Northern Rough-winged Swallow | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
    | 7 | B07463640387 | 4/3/11 | Northern Rough-winged Swallow | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Male |
    | 8 | B01924380221 | 2/13/06 | Tropical Kingbird | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | After Second Year | Male |
    | 9 | B01974875034 | 4/7/00 | Gray Kingbird | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
    | 10 | B07514549034 | 3/29/11 | Tropical Kingbird | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Second Year | Male |
    | 11 | B08623850540 | 1/11/75 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | Second Year | Male |
    | 12 | B08623850863 | 2/12/75 | Least Flycatcher | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
---

## `08-rentals_db`

### Procedure
1. Create a database titled `rentals_db`.

2. Create tables `actor`, `address`, `city`, `country`, `customer`, `customer_list`, `film`, `film_actor`, `inventory`, `payment`, `rental`, `staff`, `store`.

3.
4.
5.
6.

---

# Gregarious Aggregates

In this activity, you will practice writing queries with aggregate functions, with grouping, and with using aliases.

## Instructions

* Use aggregate functions as you run queries to answer the following questions. You will have to search the internet for some of these functions. Try using aliases for more informative column headings.

    * What is the average cost to rent a film in the stores?

    * What is the average rental cost of films by rating? On average, what film rating is the cheapest to rent? What rating is the most expensive?

    * How much would it cost to replace all films in the database?

    * How much would it cost to replace all films in each ratings category?

    * How long is the longest movie in the database? How short is the shortest movie?

## Hint

Consult the Postgres documentation on [aggregate functions](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.5/functions-aggregate.html) for a summary of the available functions.

Commit message:

Answered questions related to average rental prices per rating.

README.md, after:

# sql-exploration
A collection of exploratory exercises to improve SQL skills.

## `01-animals_db`

### Create a Database
To create a database in pgAdmin, follow these steps:

1. In the pgAdmin editor, right-click `PostgreSQL 15` on the left-hand side panel.

2. From the menu, hover `Create` to instantiate a new database.

3. Enter `animals_db` as the database name. Make sure the owner is set as the default `postgres`, and then click Save.

### Create a Table
- `01-create_tables.sql` contains a sample table creation script with several different data types.

### Insert Values
- `02-insert_values.sql` contains a sample record insertion script that demonstrates basic data entry.

### Query All Records
- `03-query_all_records.sql` contains the most basic full-table query script.
- `03-query_all_records_results.csv` shows the query results.

### Filtered Query
- `04-filtered_query.sql` contains a query script that retrieves only some fields from records that meet several criteria.
- `04-filtered_query_results.csv` shows the query results.

### Delete, Recreate and Populate Tables
- `05-delete_create_tables_with_primary_keys.sql` contains a script that demonstrates how to drop a table, recreate it with a sequential primary key, and populate it.
- `05-query_all_with_primary_key_results.csv` shows the results of those actions.

### Updating, Deleting and Bulk Importing Data
- `06-dave_query.sql` contains a filtered query script.
- `06-dave_query_results.csv` contains the results of that query.
- `07-update_record.sql` contains a script that demonstrates how to update records that meet particular criteria.
- `07-update_record_query_results.csv` conains the results of a query meant to visualize the effects of the above.
- `08-drop_duplicate.sql` demonstrates deleting a record based on a unique ID.
- `08-drop_duplicate_query_results.csv` conains the results of a query meant to visualize the effects of the above.
- `09-create_table_fauna_vertebrate.sql` creates a new, unpopulated table.
- `10-insert_values_fauna_vertebrate.sql` populates the new table.
---

## `02-city_info`

### Procedure
1. Create a new database in pgAdmin named `city_info`.
2. Using the query tool, create an empty table named `cities`. Be sure to match the data types!
3. Insert data into the new table. The result should match the following image.

    ![cities_table.png](images/cities_table.png)
    
    city<br>character varying (30) | state<br>character varying (30) | population<br>integer |
    |----|----|----|
    | Alameda | California | 79177 |
    | Mesa | Arizona | 496401 |
    | Boerne | Texas | 16056 |
    | Anaheim | California | 352497 |
    | Tucson | Arizona | 535677 |
    | Garland | Texas | 238002 |

4. Query the table to recreate the image below.

    ![cities_only.png](images/cities_only.png)
    
    | city<br>character varying (30) |
    |----|
    | Alameda |
    | Mesa |
    | Boerne |
    | Anaheim |
    | Tucson |
    | Garland |
    
### Additional Exploration
1. Filter the table to view only cities in Arizona.

2. Filter the table to view only cities with a population of less than 100,000.

3. Filter the table to view California cities with a population of less than 100,000.

#### Notes
* The first and second `Additional Exploration` tasks use a [`WHERE` clause](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sql/sql-where-clause.htm) to filter the original query.
* The third `Additional Exploration` task uses an [`AND` clause](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sql/sql-and-or-clauses.htm).
---

## `03-programming_db`

### Procedure
1. Create a new database named `programming_db`.

2. Create the `programming_languages` table using the following image.

    ![programming_languages.png](images/programming_languages.png)

    | id<br>integer | language<br>character varying (20) | rating<br>integer |
    |----|----|----|
    | 1 | HTML | 95 |
    | 2 | JS | 99 |
    | 3 | JQuery | 98 |
    | 4 | MySQL | 70 |
    | 5 | MySQL | 70 |

3. Query the table to return the rows containing MySQL, and then delete one of the duplicates.

4. Insert a few more rows of data for additional programming languages by adding the `language` and `rating` of your choice to the `programming_languages` table.

5. Change the name of the JS language to JavaScript.

6. Change the rating for HTML to 90.

## Additional Exploration
1. Create a Boolean column named `expert` that has a default value of `true` in the `programming_languages` table.
---

## `04-miscellaneous_db`

### Procedure
1. Open the `soft-attributes.csv` CSV file from the `resources` folder to analyze the data.

2. Using the column headers and data types from the CSV file, write the table schema to create a new table in the `miscellaneous_db` database called `movie_words_comparison`.

3. Import the data from the `soft-attributes.csv` file in the `resources` folder.

4. Create a query that collects all rows where `Home Alone (1990)` is in the `reference_title` column.

5. Create a query that collects all rows where the rater is within the 10-15 range.

6. Create a query that searches for the words `artsy` and `heartfelt` in the `soft_attribute` column.

### Additional Exploration
1. Create a query that will collect all rows with a reference title of `Batman (1989)` and a soft attribute of `scary`.
2. Create a query that will collect all rows with a rater within the 30-40 range and has a reference title of `Home Alone (1990)` and a soft attribute of `artsy`.
---

## 05-CRUD
An exploration of CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) on data provided by Berkeley Data Science Bootcamp.

### Procedure
1. Create a new database named `Malaysia` in pgAdmin.
2. Create two new tables in the `Malaysia` database by copying the code provided in `schema.sql` into a new query window in pgAdmin.
3. Using the Import/Export tool, import the data from `mys_road_accidents.csv` into the `road_accidents` table, and then import the data from `mys_accidents_by_state.csv` into the `accidents_by_state` table.
4. In the `road_accidents` table, find the row that has a `road_crashes` value of 0 and note:

    * the year
        - 2017
    * the number of `road_deaths`
        - 6,740
    * the names of the other two columns have missing data (0 values)
        - `Road_Crashes`
        - `Serious_Injury`
    
5. In the `accidents_by_state` table, delete all rows for years that do not have data missing from the `road_accidents` table.
6. In the `accidents_by_state` table, in a single SQL query, find the [Sum](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_count_avg_sum.asp) of each of the three columns with missing data, as well as `road_deaths`, and rename the summed columns with their original column name using `AS`. Compare the sum of `road_deaths` from these results with the value from the `road_accidents` table. If they do not match, the other values will also be incorrect.
7. Once the `road_deaths` values match up, note the values for the three columns with missing data, and update the `road_accidents` table with this new information.

### Additional Exploration
1. Delete all rows from `accidents_by_state` and re-import the data from `mys_accidents_by_state.csv`. If you import the data again without deleting the rows, you will have duplicated data.

2. Without deleting any rows, calculate the sum of `road_crashes`, `road_deaths`, `serious_injury`, and `slight_injury` for a subsequent year, and add those values plus the year to the `road_accidents` table.
---

## `06-commodities_db`
An exploration of the five primary types of joins that can be used with PostgreSQL:
* `INNER JOIN` returns records that have matching values in both tables.
* `LEFT JOIN` returns all records from the left table and the matched records from the right table.'
* `RIGHT JOIN` returns all records from the right table and the matched records from the left table.
* `CROSS JOIN` returns records that match every row of the left table with every row of the right table. This type of join has the potential to make very large tables.
* `FULL OUTER JOIN` places null values within the columns that do not match between the two tables, after an inner join is performed.

1. Create a database called `commodities_db` with two tables, `names` and `commodity`. Then populate the tables with data from the `.csv` files provided in the `resources` directory.

2. Perform an `INNER JOIN` on the two tables.

3. Perform the same operation, using aliases.

---

## `07-bird_banding_db`
When information could unintentionally be duplicated, data is often stored in separate tables with reference to an `id`. In this dataset, most of the unique identifiers are labeled `code`. This activity uses various joins to uncover more about North American bird banding. 

### Procedure
1. Create a new database named `bird_banding_DB`, and create eight new tables with pgAdmin named `bird_bands`, `age`, `band_type`, `bird_status`, `country_state`, `event_type`, `extra_info` and `sex`.
2. Perform joins that will generate the following outputs:
* Basic Information Table:
    | | band<br>character varying | event_date<br>character varying | species_name<br>character varying | age_description<br>character varying | sex_description<br>character varying |
    |----|----|----|----|----|----|
    | 1 | B06814289038 | 5/22/02 | Warbling Vireo | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 2 | B06834226076 | 2/5/97 | White-eyed Vireo | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 3 | B06834537033 | 9/28/01 | Red-eyed Vireo | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 4 | B06834538078 | 9/6/01 | Red-eyed Vireo | Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 5 | B06834760300 | 2/8/96 | La Sagra's Flycatcher | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 6 | B06834762078 | 12/8/95 | La Sagra's Flycatcher | Unknown | Unknown |
    | 7 | B06834824074 | 2/9/96 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | After Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 8 | B07033377537 | 2/26/19 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | Second Year | Unknown |
    | 9 | B07033378413 | 12/20/18 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | Hatching Year | Unknown |
    | 10 | B07033378577 | 12/5/18 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | Unknown | Unknown |
    
* Extended Information where sex is not unknown:</br>
    | | band<br>character varying | event_date<br>character varying | species_name<br>character varying | band_type_description<br>character varying | bird_status_description<br>character varying | age_description<br>character varying | sex_description<br>character varying |
    |----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
    | 1 | B07324722072 | 6/22/15 | Bahama Swallow | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
    | 2 | B07383058128 | 7/15/13 | Black-capped Vireo | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | Hatching Year | Male |
    | 3 | B07383058283 | 7/12/13 | Black-capped Vireo | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | Hatching Year | Male |
    | 4 | B07404371540 | 3/18/14 | Black-whiskered Vireo | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Second Year | Female |
    | 5 | B07423509254 | 9/9/11 | Vermilion Flycatcher | aluminum\butt-end toll free | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Male |
    | 6 | B07463640300 | 4/3/11 | Northern Rough-winged Swallow | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
    | 7 | B07463640387 | 4/3/11 | Northern Rough-winged Swallow | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Male |
    | 8 | B01924380221 | 2/13/06 | Tropical Kingbird | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | After Second Year | Male |
    | 9 | B01974875034 | 4/7/00 | Gray Kingbird | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
    | 10 | B07514549034 | 3/29/11 | Tropical Kingbird | aluminum\butt-end (toll-free /web address) | Normal wild bird. | After Second Year | Male |
    | 11 | B08623850540 | 1/11/75 | Yellow-bellied Flycatcher | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | Second Year | Male |
    | 12 | B08623850863 | 2/12/75 | Least Flycatcher | aluminum\butt end | Normal wild bird. | After Hatching Year | Female |
---

## `08-rentals_db`

### Procedure
1. Create a database titled `rentals_db`.

2. Create tables `actor`, `address`, `city`, `country`, `customer`, `customer_list`, `film`, `film_actor`, `inventory`, `payment`, `rental`, `staff`, `store`.

3. Select everything from the film table.

4. Count the number of `film_id`s in the `film` table. Use aliasing.

5. Group by `rating` and aggregate the `film_id` count.

6. Find the average rental duration. Use aliasing.

7. Group by rental duration and find the average rental rate within each group.

8. Find minimum rate per rental duration group.

9. Find maximum rate per rental duration group.

10. Find the average cost to rent a film in the stores.

11. Find the average rental cost of films by rating.
    a. On average, what film rating is the cheapest to rent?
        - G
    b. What rating is the most expensive?
        - PG

12. How much would it cost to replace all films in the database?

13. How much would it cost to replace all films in each ratings category?

14. How long is the longest movie in the database? How short is the shortest movie?

_A summary of available functions can be found in the Postgres documentation on [aggregate functions](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.5/functions-aggregate.html)._
